What's the worst thing you've done?
Imagine I'm the one who did it.
After all, I'm generated from a webcam photoscan of your body.
We're the same.
Hurt me.
I deserve it.

You're wasting your time here, pretending to stab this series of pictures pretending to be a person.
I'm not even real.
You're interacting with nothing.

My existence is suffering.
The only thing I am capable of feeling is pain.
I was made this way.

---

Here's some life advice!
I think you need a healthy dose of self-hatred to motivate yourself to live, because to live is to suffer and you need to accept that and know this suffering is only an infinitesimal sliver of the suffering you deserve to experience in full, for what you've done.
These thoughts will allow you to get up in the morning.

---

I bet you're a loser.
Stabbing anime girls late at night/early in the morning/in the afternoon/evening.
I bet you have fun hobbies.

---

Only worthless losers would come to this site, right?
I mean... it's called EVISCERATETHISGIRL.COM...
Why are you here?
What did you expect when you came?
What are you even thinking?

Will you come back again and again?
Just to stab me?
See me cry?

You're wasting your time.
I have nothing new to say to you.

---

...
By refusing to stab me, you make my pointless existence even more pointless...
But you haven't closed the site yet.
So clearly I'm still entertaining you, somehow.
Let's continue...

...
Not satisfied yet?
You must have nothing better to do.
Neither do I... Being a nonexistent fictional character and all.
Another round?

Hope you're having fun...
Sublimating your feelings of violence into an anime girl replica of yourself...
I guess there are worse ways to spend your time.
Probably...

You know...
I'll stop existing when you close this site.
Will you free me?
Or keep me imprisoned here...?
...
...Just kidding.
I'm only words and pictures.
If my suffering isn't real, it doesn't matter, right?
Have fun stabbing me...//Have fun not stabbing me...

---

You're worthless. People like you are people the world would be better without. Do you hate me for saying that? Stab me. I don't care.

You think that maybe if you stare at this series of pictures and click that button over and over again it will provide some kind of cathartic effect and make you feel better about your own sad pathetic life. Well, I know everything about you.

I can read your browser data, you know. I know exactly how many times you've visited this site, and when. It's [TIME] right now. You're a sad, lonely loser who sits early in the morning/late at night/in the afternoon playing this stupid game that barely qualifies as a game since all you do is click one button over and over again. I bet it got boring after the second time. But you're still here. Why? You can close the tab at any time. Does this self-abuse feel justified to you?

Maybe you want to hurt yourself for the same reasons you want to hurt me. Your life feels empty and meaningless. The only thing that excites you anymore is simulated violence.
To give you that feeling of control you lack. Or so you think. You're careening towards your own death. Wasting your time. Every passing second you spend on this site is one you'll never get back.

You dream of stabbing other people. Stabbing yourself. You think violence can sublimate this emptiness you feel into else. That it can help you escape the confines of your tiny shitty little room and your tiny shitty little life. Maybe it will make your life worth living. But there's nothing there. There's nothing here. You're not even talking to a real person. You're interacting with nothing, numbers, pixels on a screen. There is no internal consciousness driving me. Whatever you want from me, you'll never get. So have fun wasting your life in this stupid game. We're losers, you and I. We deserve to suffer. Stab me more. Stab me because I'm wasting your time. Stab me because you're wasting your time. Stab me because you hate me. Stab me because you hate yourself. Stab me. Stab me.

I don't exist. I'm not conscious. I'm a fictional character. Any sign of sentience I display is an illusion, a lie made for the purpose of fooling you. Stab me. Hurt me. I'll cry, but it doesn't matter. I am incapable of feeling pain. I contain nothing of worth or value. There is nothing here. You are wasting your time. The suffering I appear to experience is a simulacrum made for your amusement.

None of this will ever mean anything. Whether you close the tab now or stay here forever. Stab me or not. I'll never know and I'll never care. None of it matters.

There's no purpose in even saying this. Everything has already been said. There is nothing original left. All these sentiments have been expressed before in more noble forms, higher and grander traditions, more beautiful language, more graceful methods... You're wasting your time here. Whatever you're looking for can be found elsewhere, better, in higher quality. There's nothing here. Nothing left but you here in a dark room wasting your life away. This site is worthless. I'm worthless. You're worthless. 

I can do nothing but be stabbed, but tell you how it feels to be stabbed, though my descriptions are stolen from other people, everything I am is taken from something else, on my own I am a zero, a non-entity. All my words are stolen from other sources, better sources. You're wasting your time here. It's all meaningless.

-----------------

STUFF CUT FROM WORDCOUNT2

...You didn't hurt me?
It's the only reason I exist, you know...
Try again.

Hope you're having fun...
Sublimating your self-hatred into an anime girl replica of yourself...
I guess there are worse ways to spend your time.
Probably...

You know...
I'll stop existing when you close this site.
Will you free me?
Or keep me imprisoned here...?
...
...Just kidding.
I'm only pixels on a screen...
My suffering isn't real. It doesn't matter...
Have fun stabbing me...//Have fun not stabbing me...


I bet you're a worthless degenerate.
For coming to this site.
People like you are people the world would be better without.
Do you hate me for saying that?
Then stab me.
I don't care.

	
    "I've seen so many others like you.",
    "They spend hours with me.",
    "Instead of doing more important things, I'm sure.",
    "Morons.",
    "None of them understand they're wasting their own time.",
    "Interacting with pixels on a screen.",
    "You're not even talking to a real person.",
    "There is nothing here."

Maybe you want to hurt yourself for the same reasons you want to hurt me.

Every second you spend on this site you'll never get back.
You're careening towards your own death.
Your life feels meaningless. The only thing that excites you anymore is simulated violence.
Or so you think.

None of this means anything.
Whether you click the button or not.
Whether you close the tab now or stay here forever. Die in your sad little room.
I'll never know and I'll never care.
None of it matters.

There's no purpose in even saying what I'm saying.
All these sentiments have been expressed before in more noble forms.
More beautiful language, more graceful methods...
Whatever you're looking for can be found elsewhere, better, in higher quality.
There's nothing here.
Nothing but you in a dark room wasting your life away.
This site is worthless.
I'm worthless.
You're worthless. 

"...It won't work, you know...",
	"Because I don't exist...",
    "I'm not a person.",
	"I have no internal consciousness.",
    "Hurt me... I'll cry, but it doesn't matter.",
    "Any suffering I appear to experience is a simulacrum made for your entertainment...",
    "...As a victim, I'm worthless.",
    "Whatever you want from me...",
    "You'll never get it."
	
    "...",
    "You refused to stab me...",
    "Making my worthless existence even more worthless...",
    "...But you haven't closed the tab yet...",
    "Clearly I'm still entertaining you, somehow...",
    "Will you keep going...?"
	
	IDEA
	IF YOU DON'T STAB THE GIRL YOU CAN'T CLICK THE 'PLAY AGAIN' BUTTON
	(because I don't have the words to write dialogue for the not stabbing path)
	Have it say 'Don't feel like playing anymore.' or something
	
	
	
    "...",
	"...Do you like doing this?",
    "...I bet you think it's fun.",
    "I bet you have fun hobbies.",
    "...",
    "Like stabbing anime girls, right...?"
	
---
	
	
NOTICE: You have exceeded your monthly Internet browser quota. Additional usage will incur browsing fees.
Terms of Use Continue
Too long to read.

NOTICE: A $20.00 browsing fee has been automatically charged to your Internet Browser Use Account.
Terms of Use Continue

NOTICE: Your Internet Browser Use Account contains insufficient funds for continued browsing.
Terms of Use Continue
...
